AAP-4424: AAP 2.2 Install Guide Priority Updates (#388)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/con-why-migrate-ansible-core-213.adoc

// [id="con-why-migrate-ansible-core-213_{context}"]

= Migrating to Ansible Core 2.13

> When upgrading to Ansible Core 2.13, you will need to update your playbooks, plugins, or other parts of your Ansible infrastructure in order to be supported by the latest version of Ansible Core. For instructions on updating your Ansible content to be Ansible Core 2.13 compatible, see the https://https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-core/devel/porting_guides/porting_guide_core_2.13.html[Ansible-core 2.13 Porting Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to Ansible Core 2.13, you need to update your playbooks, plugins, or other parts of your Ansible infrastructure in order to be supported by the latest version of Ansible Core. For instructions on updating your Ansible content for Ansible Core 2.13 compatibility, see the https://https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-core/devel/porting_guides/porting_guide_core_2.13.html[Ansible-core 2.13 Porting Guide].
```
